Now, the scripture—
Jehovah, of course, is our Creator,
so “he well knows how we are formed.”
But this expression,
“remembering that we are dust,”
in no way is intended to demean us
or strip us of dignity.
Jehovah is considerate
whether we’re male or female.
We can’t say, “You don’t understand”
because as our Creator, he does understand
and he’s considerate of us.
So you think about these times
we’re living in;
it affects God’s people as well.
You see the pandemic causing people,
according to some reports,
to have even their dreams affected.
So you think of how busy we are.
The Governing Body is doing their best
to give direction to other branches,
specific direction,
related to their particular circumstances.
So you could get involved
in just focusing on all of these problems.
But this morning, I’ve chosen
to focus on the future,
and I believe that’s what Jehovah
would want us to do.
Let’s face reality, but focus on the future.
And by doing that, we’re really benefiting
from the counsel in Isaiah chapter 48
—Isaiah chapter 48—
a very familiar verse
that we want to take to heart.
Isaiah 48:17:
“This is what Jehovah says,
“your Repurchaser, the Holy One of Israel:
“‘I, Jehovah, am your God,
“‘the One teaching you to benefit yourself,
the One guiding you
in the way you should walk.’”
So, what a beautiful thought!
Jehovah teaches us
that it’s not selfish on our part
to benefit ourselves,
or to do what’s “for [our] own good,”
as the footnote brings out.
So, what is for our own good when it comes
to these critical last days
we’re dealing with?
Well, it’s best we focus on the future
—know what’s going on.
We get the good reports
from the Governing Body
as well as the Branch Committee
here in the United States,
and Canada is doing the same.
But see, it’s good to focus on the future,
especially if you start to feel
anxious about circumstances.
And what I thought I’d share
with you are some comments
from the Pure Worship  book.
What a gift that was
for all of Jehovah’s people!
And some of these comments
are coming from chapter 9,
paragraphs 35 and 36,
and it’ll help us to focus on the future.
Here are some thoughts:
“We inhabit a restored spiritual land,
“a condition, or environment,
wherein we serve productively
and make his sacred service
the center of our lives.”
And how true that is
of the Bethel families around the globe!
Sacred service is the center of our lives.
And then what, though, about the future?
And this is what we want to focus on.
The answer: “After . . .  Armageddon,
“Jesus will expand his restoration work
“to cover even the physical earth. . . .
“He will direct mankind to turn this planet
“into a global garden of Eden, a paradise,
just as Jehovah always intended it to be!”
So, beautiful thoughts.
So during these difficult last days,
I just want to encourage you to meditate
on these matters that Jehovah
has promised for the future.
There’s definitely going to be
a time in the future
when there’ll be no one in danger,
no threat of any harm
—including viruses.
Now, to help us with that,
there’s a scripture
I want to bring to your attention;
it’s not commonly used but, boy,
does it make the point.
It’s found in Ezekiel chapter 34
—Ezekiel chapter 34—
and we’re going to read verse 25.
Here’s the promise:
“And I will make a covenant
of peace with them,
“and I will rid the land
of vicious wild beasts,
“so that they may dwell securely
in the wilderness
and sleep in the forests.”
Now, can you picture that
—a land free of vicious wild beasts
and sleeping in the forest?
Well, that’s what Jehovah promises.
Can you picture that?
Well, our hardworking Art Department
has helped us a lot.
Notice this beautiful piece of artwork
found in the Pure Worship  book.
Now you have to—
With the larger one
on a television screen,
you see it easier sometimes.
You look at this picture,
and you have the fireflies there
going around, full moon.
It’s beautiful.
With a larger picture,
you’re not going to miss
what so many could miss by not focusing
on the beautiful picture here
and the details in it,
because up above her now—
You see her sleeping securely
(young sister here),
but in the trees right above her head—
But do you see what’s right above there?
If you look carefully, there it is
—a leopard.
And this could be missed so easily,
especially in the book we have,
and you see his left arm is hanging there.
Male or female?
We don’t know for sure.
But it’s a leopard,
and he’s sleeping.
She’s sleeping.
You could just hear some
of the sounds of other insects
that might be in the forest here
—secure.
Amazing!
And then over to the right of the picture,
as we look at it, see the owl?
Not a worry at all.
Now, looking at the leopard,
what’s he thinking?
Well, animals don’t think like humans.
Maybe he’s saying,
‘Boy, there he is already asleep again.’
But everybody is secure.
Now, that’s going to happen in the future.
Jehovah promises it.
So how grateful we are
for this beautiful piece of artwork!
Let that just absorb every cell in your body;
absorb that beautiful thought;
meditate on it,
especially as there are so many
that love the outdoors.
Others that maybe grew up in cities
are going to learn to love it.
That I’ll assure you of.
But that’s the future
Jehovah has for his people.
Meditate on it.
So we entreat you to focus on the future,
and more opposition is coming.
Let’s face the facts;
there are issues
that we’re going to have to deal with.
We’ll just wait and see.
But see, don’t focus on the problems;
deal with it;
follow the direction from the organization.
These are “critical times.”
They are “hard to deal with,”
but focus
on Jehovah’s promises for the future.
The benefit there—
Finally, let’s read Hebrews chapter 6
—Hebrews chapter 6.
The counsel directly applies to the anointed
—those with the heavenly hope.
But by extension,
all of you with the hope of living forever
in that beautiful paradise earth
that Christ Jesus will bring about,
(by extension) this applies to you as well.
See, verse 18
is talking about the “unchangeable things”
and makes the point
that “it is impossible for God to lie.”
What we just considered, that’s not a lie.
It’s impossible for Jehovah to do that.
So then the direction is
“to take firm hold
of the hope set before us.”
And the benefit of doing that,
according to verse 19:
“We have this hope as an anchor
“for the soul,
[it’s] both sure and firm.”
So your hope
of living forever on a beautiful
paradise earth will anchor you,
but you have to think about it.
You can’t dwell on all of the critical times
we’re dealing with
and just say, “Oh, Jehovah!”
Focus on the future.
It’s a wonderful promise
that will anchor you.
It’ll keep you stable
emotionally and mentally
during these critical last days.
So look forward to the day when,
as it promises there in Ezekiel chapter 34,
you’ll be able—
With no vicious animals anywhere,
you’ll be able to securely sleep
in the forest.